I decided to use Go in this implementation because I have had experience with it before, but had not used it for any networking related purposes. Therefore, I wanted to be able to use and interact with some libraries that I had used before, which is something I did.

I first began by researching the TCP libraries that Go had and found some examples of how they were implemented. That was all relatively straightforward, so then I began to think about how I wanted to organize and structure my code. There were many different things that had to happen in the code, so I knew I wanted to create a handful of functions that could be reused (specifically for sending and receiving messages and evaluating expressions). I also added support for TLS/SSL connections by creating a TLS connection. With Go's built-in "tls" package, it made this simple. The code currently does not require to check the certificate of the server, which is a little vulnerability, but until I am given the server's certificate chain there is nothing else I can do to make it work properly.

The biggest challenge I faced was coming up with an implementation for an eval function that could evaluate a mathematical expression with two numbers. Python makes this easy, but since Go is not an interpreted language there was no default implementation. I decided to parse the STATUS messages for the operand and map the operand to a specific mathematical operation that Go would recognize.

To test my code, I created some unit tests for the functions that I implemented and also continually sent messages to the cs5700 CCIS servers. It took a handful of tries, but it ended up working relatively quickly.
